# real science
https://youtube.com/c/realscience
--
# la filmoteca maldita
https://youtube.com/c/Lafilmotecamaldita
--
# solpm instructional
https://youtube.com/c/TheScienceofLearningPowerMove
--
# saturno movements
https://youtube.com/c/SaturnoMovement
--
# ramtalks
https://youtube.com/c/RamTalks
--
# minniva
https://youtube.com/c/MinnivaOfficial
--
# made in charly solutions
https://www.youtube.com/user/charly7231
--
# liry onni
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8t7S1o1dzvr9j1_idpVTSQ
--
# aym lavadoras y estufas
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQRLkCoYS9S7Pcs-ciSoV4w
--
# six6cel		
https://www.youtube.com/user/waespino
--
# paula simple
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHAtDGPe-rYPuoq4HITiX5A
--
# dr todd grande
https://www.youtube.com/user/RioGrande51
--
# casi maestro 	electricidad
https://www.youtube.com/user/bilematsell
--
# portugues com marcia macedo
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs3vpdQWaAtmRv7hcNt1jIw
--
# patri_psicologa
https://youtube.com/user/patricialoeffler
--
# electronica para todos
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmLWNyc2JSYm0WEJGwEJ1LA
--
# electroboom
https://www.youtube.com/user/msadaghd
--
# just jesse 	
https://www.youtube.com/user/JustJesse197
--
# 4everdogs 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNbIPRUOGNzPiPITSHFj3ZA
--
# la armeria
https://www.youtube.com/user/Zcfsr90
--
# GmitU	
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7hbxh4vDgtVCFZBw0Tx2yQ
--
# esquizofrenia natural
https://www.youtube.com/user/rev0luci0nfinal
--
# cordura artificial	
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCb8GKeOvI7WsFUkB4UVAeXA
--
# antonio gonzalez       	
https://www.youtube.com/user/AntonioGonzalez68
--
# preguntas incomodas	
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_LlGpG22OWkKPsLJfZ8CZg
--
# la nueva revolucion	
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKaiD6MpaDlV4IJw_JXJEwA
--
# top de impacto
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmHv37aBniCJK0ihYmHDqAg
--
# prensa alternativa
https://youtube.com/user/juanjodelcastillo
--
# peter capusotto
https://www.youtube.com/user/petercapusottotv
--
# yunae	
https://www.youtube.com/user/yunae
--
# kira sensei	japan living
https://www.youtube.com/user/KiraPepelu
--
# siccas guitar
https://www.youtube.com/user/SiccasGuitars
--
# what i've learned
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqYPhGiB9tkShZorfgcL2lA
--
# whang		old internet stuff
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3jdnIP2u5hCJpVZ-TuDrCg
--
# bill vicars
https://www.youtube.com/user/billvicars
--
# new mind	science
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5_Y-BKzq1uW_2rexWkUzlA
--
# daniele tartaglia
https://www.youtube.com/user/edstarink
--
# vida segun richie
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrMAwrcvQ2m2ZhbaxDTcwFQ
--
# sabaton history
https://www.youtube.com/c/SabatonHistory
--
# world war two
https://www.youtube.com/c/WorldWarTwo
--
# timeghost history
https://www.youtube.com/c/TimeGhost
--
# corey schafer
https://www.youtube.com/c/Coreyms
--
# cosas que sabemos
https://www.youtube.com/c/CosasQueSabemos
--
# mauricio schwarz
https://www.youtube.com/c/MauricioSchwarz
--
# james jani
https://www.youtube.com/c/JamesJani
--
# gabinete de psicologia m y m
https://www.youtube.com/c/GabinetedePsicolog√≠aMMMadrid
--
# linguriosa
https://youtube.com/c/Linguriosa
--
# codigo facilito
https://www.youtube.com/c/codigofacilito
--
# n-o-d-e
https://www.youtube.com/c/NODEtv
--
# engineer man
https://www.youtube.com/c/EngineerMan
--
# novaspirit tech
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrjKdwxaQMSV_NDywgKXVmw
--
# gary explains	tech
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRjSO-juFtngAeJGJRMdIZw
--
# explainingcomputers
https://www.youtube.com/user/explainingcomputers
--
# level1 techs	
https://www.youtube.com/user/teksyndicate
--
# linus tech tips
https://www.youtube.com/user/LinusTechTips
--
# null byte
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgTNupxATBfWmfehv21ym-g
--
# technology connections
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy0tKL1T7wFoYcxCe0xjN6Q
--
# practical engineering
https://www.youtube.com/user/gradyhillhouse
--
# domo electrica manuel amate
https://www.youtube.com/user/domoelectra
--
# the hated one
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjr2bPAyPV7t35MvcgT3W8Q
--
# luke smith
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA
--
# distrotube
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg
--
# lunduke on tech / bryan lunduke
https://youtube.com/c/BryanLunduke
--
# rob braxman
https://youtube.com/c/BraxMe
--
# brodie robinson
https://youtube.com/c/BrodieRobertson
--
# mental outlaw
https://youtube.com/c/MentalOutlaw
--
# ruhi cenet
https://m.youtube.com/c/Ruhi%C3%87enetEspa%C3%B1ol/featured
--
# lethal crysis
https://m.youtube.com/c/lethalcrysischannel/featured
--
# tech hut
https://youtube.com/c/TechHutHD
--
# pelado nerd
https://youtube.com/c/PeladoNerd
--
# jake tran
https://youtube.com/channel/UCoOjH8D2XAgjzQlneM2W0EQ
